apmd - Advanced Power Management Daemon
apmd is an APM monitoring daemon, and works in conjunction with the APM BIOS driver in the OS kernel. 
It can execute a command (normally a shell script) when certain events are reported by the driver, and will log, via syslogd(8), certain changes in system power status. 
When the available battery power becomes very low, it can alert all users on the system using several methods. 

ftpd - FTP Server Daemon
he ftpd daemon uses the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) to listen at the port specified with the ftp command service specification in the /etc/services file.

crond - The task scheduler daemon
The cron daemon (crond) is a system-managed executable that runs in memory with which users may schedule tasks.

nfsd - Network File Sharing Daemon
The nfsd daemon handles client file system requests.

ntpd - Network Time Protocol service daemon
The ntpd program is an operating system daemon which sets and maintains the system time of day in synchronism with Internet standard time servers.

sshd - Secure Shell Server Daemon
sshd (OpenSSH Daemon) is the daemon program for ssh. Together these programs replace rlogin and rsh, and provide secure encrypted communications between two untrusted hosts over an insecure network. 

yslogd - System logging daemon
system logging and kernel message trapping,
Use of internet and unix domain sockets enables local and remote logging. 

xntd - Network Time Server Daemon
The ntpd program is an operating system daemon which sets and maintains the system time of day in synchronism with Internet standard time servers.

mountd - mount daemon
The rpc.mountd daemon implements the server side of the NFS MOUNT protocol.An NFS server maintains a table of local physical file systems that are accessible to NFS clients. Each file system in this table is referred to as an exported file system, or export, for short. 

atd - Runs jobs queued using the at tool
atd is a job scheduler daemon that runs jobs scheduled for later execution. These jobs are one-time task(not recurring) at a specific time scheduled using ‘at’ or ‘batch’ utility. 
